Basic Concepts
---------------
What is Stream API in Java?
How do you create a stream from a collection?
What is the difference between a sequential and parallel stream?
Explain intermediate and terminal operations in Stream API.
What are the common intermediate operations in Stream API?
What are the common terminal operations in Stream API?
How do you sort elements in a stream?
How do you filter elements in a stream?
How do you map elements in a stream?
How do you reduce elements in a stream?

Intermediate Concepts
---------------------
Explain the difference between filter() and distinct().
How do you find the maximum and minimum element in a stream?
How do you collect elements from a stream into a list or set?
Explain the difference between forEach() and forEachOrdered().
How do you limit the number of elements in a stream?
How do you skip a certain number of elements in a stream?
How do you concatenate multiple streams?
Explain the difference between flatMap() and map().
How do you group elements in a stream?
How do you partition elements in a stream?

Advanced Concepts
------------------
How do you perform custom sorting in a stream?
How do you write custom collectors?
Explain the concept of lazy evaluation in Stream API.
How do you handle exceptions in Stream API?
Explain the difference between findFirst() and findAny().
How do you create infinite streams?
How do you use peek() operation in Stream API?
How do you perform parallel stream operations efficiently?
How do you measure the performance of stream operations?
Explain the concept of short-circuiting operations in Stream API.

Practical Questions
--------------------
Given a list of numbers, find the sum of all even numbers.
Given a list of strings, find the longest string.
Given a list of integers, find the frequency of each number.
Given a list of strings, group the strings by their first letter.
Given a list of transactions, find the total amount spent by each customer.
Given a list of employees, find the average salary of male and female employees.
Given a list of words, find all anagrams.
Given a list of numbers, find the first non-repeating number.
Given a list of strings, sort them by length and then alphabetically.
Given a list of integers, find the second largest number.